Facebook knows a lot about its users
which makes it the best advertising
platform around you can filter people
who will see your ads by their age
gender location and most importantly
their interests this sounds great and
powerful until you start paying for your
ads and not getting the return on
investment that you expect the truth is
targeting people with their interests is
no longer enough as your ad always lands
on some users who are no longer
interested in your subject here is why
let's suppose you sell ice cream you ask
Facebook to target users who like ice
cream pages Facebook grabs all the users
who like those ice cream pages and
starts showing them your app sounds
great but hold on a second just because
those users have once clicked on a like
button doesn't mean they are still
interested in that subject today thus
you start getting unwanted clicks and
impressions of your ad that will never
convert and make you literally throw a
big chunk of your advertising budget
right down the toilet doesn't it
therefore make sense to shortlist your
audience to those who are interested in
your offer today and exclude the rest
well right now that is possible
introducing face sniper with face sniper
you can target people according to what
they are doing right now this way you
only show your ads to an audience that
is hungry for your product or service to
as a result your conversion rate doubles
for a much lower cost knowing your exact
target audience and what it loves also
helps you become more specific with your
ads and gives you a peace of mind more
features and tutorials are available on
our website start your trial today at
base sniper calm hey what's up Andy
white here with face sniper calm and
welcome to this very brief introduction
to face sniper face sniper provides many
features that allow you to reach
extremely targeted audiences on Facebook
so you can promote your business
effectively for a much lower cost no
matter what nice you're working on in
this video we'll see how you can take
advantage of face sniper to create a
list of users who are currently
passionate about your subject now you
may ask what do I mean by passionate
users passionate users are the users who
are currently liking and commenting the
latest posts of a page given their
current activity those users are most
likely to become your customers right
now reaching these users in your
facebook ads dramatically increases your
conversion rates for a much lower cost
so instead of targeting large audiences
by their interests you can shortlist
your target to these super targeted
lists of users you just tell face sniper
which page you'd like to get those users
from and it will go ahead and extract
them for you let's suppose you sell
video game consoles and you have a
special deal for the PlayStation 4 you
go to face sniper to get a list of
potential customers who are passionate
about the PlayStation let's log in to
face sniper let's search for pages about
the PlayStation click search we get many
pages that talk about the PlayStation
with several millions of fans let's
extract the passionate fans from this
first page that has more than 35 million
fans I'll click extract audience here we
see some details about the page its last
activity and the average number of likes
and comments for each post
these details give you a heads up on the
health of the page and its audience
activity so we are presented with two
options either getting the users who
like some specific posts of the page or
extracting all the passionate users of
the page I'll leave the left option for
another tutorial for now we're going to
extract all the passionate users so I'll
click that and wait a few minutes for
the extraction to occur now face sniper
is extracting the most active users who
are currently liking and commenting on
the latest activity of the PlayStation
page once your extraction is done you
get a summary of your fresh
you